Basic changes to support poetry 1.2.0, no longer support Poetry 1.1.x (#70)
enpaul/tox-poetry-installer: CHANGELOG.md

See also: [Github Release Page](https://github.com/enpaul/tox-poetry-installer/releases).

> ## Version 1.0a1
> 
> View this release on:
> [Github](https://github.com/enpaul/tox-poetry-installer/releases/tag/1.0a1),
> [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/tox-poetry-installer/1.0a1/)
> 
> - Drop python3.6 support, since Poetry 1.2 dropped py3.6 support
> - Support Poetry==1.2.0b3 (prerelease)
>   - Added direct dep on cleo (prerelease) to support passing in NullIO to poetry functions
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Version 0.9.0

View this release on:
[Github](https://github.com/enpaul/tox-poetry-installer/releases/tag/0.9.0),
[PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/tox-poetry-installer/0.9.0/)

- Add support for Poetry-1.2.x (#73)
- Update Black formatting to stable release version
- Remove support for Python-3.6
- Remove support for Poetry-1.1.x
- Fix installing dependencies multiple times when transient dependencies are duplicated in the dependency tree
```
